Enhance tab behaviour in drawer and choice editor (#19050)
directus/directus: .changeset/mighty-keys-agree.md

---
'@directus/app': minor
---

> - Add support for the confirmation of entry of choices into Dropdown component with `Tab` key
> - Also, prevent the focus from leaving the sidebar when pressing `Shift + Tab`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enhanced UX in dropdown choice editor by leading the focus to the save button after the last field when using `Tab` key as well as preventing the focus from leaving the sidebar when pressing `Shift + Tab`
```
